rory mcilroy will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the wgc-hsbc champions after carding a three-under
the number of homicides recorded by police in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009.
a man has been charged with the rape of a teenage boy in cumbria.
truro city head coach marek churcher has praised his side\'s performance in the first half of their national rugby league campaign.
indian police have arrested a man in connection with the rape of a nun in the eastern city of kolkata ( calcutta ) in march.
two people in south west scotland have been targeted by telephone scams.
castleford tigers have appointed former scotland international kevin duffy as their new head coach.
the father of a three-year-old boy who went missing in the us has been arrested over his disappearance, according to the fbi.
it\'s one of the most common stories of the festive season.
two of the uk\'s longest-serving journalists are celebrating 100 years on the streets of fleet street.
a borders knitwear firm has announced a new production range, following a rise in demand for its clothing.
the uk\'s navy and nato warships have begun a major exercise in the waters off britain\'s west coast.
former england under-21 world champion shaun mckenzie will fight for the vacant wbc world title at york\'s alexandra palace on 29 april.
work has started on a new £23m community hospital in somerset.
the international monetary fund ( imf ) has warned that the global economy may be at risk of falling global growth.
businesses and businesses on the isle of wight are to be allowed to free up the new chain ferry, the council has said.
a motorcyclist has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash between a lorry and a lorry.
a modelling agency has been accused of using " beautiful " hair and hair as a " beauty spot " in a recruitment campaign.
the number of lesbian, bisexual and transgender characters in tv and tv is at its highest level since records began, according to a new study.
a former conservative mp has announced he will not stand in the party\'s general election.
donald trump\'s daughter barron and his wife barron have moved from the white house to the white house.
the met office has issued a warning of gales and winds of up to 90mph in parts of wales.
lewis hamilton\'s title hopes suffered a major blow as he crashed out of the hungarian grand prix.
league one side colchester united have signed coventry city goalkeeper gordon reid on a season-long loan deal.
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says he is not concerned about his side\'s unbeaten start to the season as they attempt to win the premier league title
google chairman joe schmidt has said the uk government is " not doing enough " to pay tax on its tax arrangements, following a debate on the uk \'
spending on agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency agency staff is set to save £600m a year.
england will face india in the final of the champions trophy at the indian premier league, which starts on thursday, with captain virat kohli taking the
oscar-winning actor james nyong \'o has confirmed he is returning to star in star wars: the force awakens.
a powerful earthquake has struck central italy, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 100.
the release date for grand theft auto v v v v ( v ) has been delayed.
artist alan simpson has won this year\'s john moores john moores john moores painting of the john moores painting.
a man has died after falling from a tree in lincolnshire.
singer rod temperton, who wrote the hit album michael jackson, has died at the age of 89.
archaeologists have identified the ancient stone pyramids in the amazon rainforest.
egypt\'s abdelhamid el said scored a late winner to earn their first africa cup of nations quarter-final away to uganda.
wales and ospreys scrum-half rhys webb says he is still waiting to be fit for wales \'pre-season tour.
thousands of bottles of plastic plastic bottles have washed up on a cornish beach.
two suspects were involved in the murder of ex-russian spy alexander litvinenko, an inquiry has heard.
batsman michael smith has been named australia\'s captain for the final two matches of the ashes in august.
a pharmaceutical company is to create up to 100 new jobs in newcastle with the creation of 200 new jobs.
taliban militants have attacked a hospital in the afghan capital kabul, killing at least 14 people, officials say.
the daily and sunday politics are on-air six days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from westminster and beyond.
mae \'r pleidleisio yng nghymru wedi cadarnhau eu bod yng nghymru y
conor mcmanus scored a hat-trick as alloa came from behind to beat alloa athletic.
schools could be prosecuted for running illegal schools, under plans being considered by the education secretary.
a tractor driver who killed a seven-year-old boy in a hit-and-run incident has been jailed for three years and four months.
the sunday times editor adrian gill has died at the age of 74.
a mongolian rapper is in a critical condition in hospital after being beaten with a swastika during a concert in mongolia, officials say.
the new campus of scotland\'s largest education campus is to be renamed in honour of author william mcilvanney.
norway is one of the world\'s best-known and most vulnerable countries, according to a new report.
scotland\'s finance secretary john swinney has accused the uk government of failing to meet its budget targets for next year.
change is a problem for many disabled people.
a huge billboard in a county londonderry park has been marked by a huge crowd of people.
the us population has fallen to its lowest level since records began, according to official figures.
three former royal navy frigates could be put up for sale in the future, the bbc understands.
syria\'s government says it is failing to comply with the un\'s deadline for the sale of chemical weapons.
an army mascot named after a soldier has been given a new name.
liverpool\'s historic fa cup final with borussia dortmund at anfield was a classic of the past.
shutter speed, ridden by frankie dettori, won the epsom derby for the second year running.
torquay united have signed barrow\'s myles keating and barrow\'s ruairi keating on loan until january.
bus firm first first has reopened after a crash which left one of its vehicles with serious injuries.
hundreds of people are taking part in a new woodland project in londonderry.
american apparel has filed a defamation case against the board of board members, accusing him of harassing staff and harassment of the company.
great britain will host greece in a friendly at london\'s copper box on friday night.
real madrid have signed real madrid striker alvaro morata on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
police have arrested a blogger on suspicion of online harassment over an allegation of online harassment.
a campaign group is calling for the jolly fisherman to be replaced by the jolly fisherman.
a radar survey has been carried out of the world\'s tallest obelisk to see if it has been damaged by lightning.
the local authorities in scotland have " serious problems " with the council tax system, a report has found.
a new portrait of the late composer, mozart, has been unveiled.
three people have been rescued from a fishing boat in the river nith in dumfries and galloway.
the world\'s newest generation of robots are changing.
a campaign to raise £50, 000 for british troops killed in the iraq war has reached £50, 000.
dutch airline klm has announced new flights between inverness and amsterdam this summer.
at least 31 people have been arrested in morocco after fans clashed with supporters of the moroccan club raja fmrff on saturday, police say.
hereford united\'s decision to leave the league two club after their relegation was confirmed by the football league on friday night, as they were relegated from the
jim durrant is to leave rangers at the end of the season, the club have confirmed.
virtual reality ( vr ) is often used to understand people who have autism.
a woman has died following a fire at a house in the highlands.
a hospital trust is being investigated by the health watchdog over its finances.
chelsea boss mauricio pochettino says his side need to be ready to challenge for the premier league title after a 2-1 draw at tottenham
british number two stan wawrinka has been knocked out of the atp world tour finals in the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters.
two men have been threatened with a knife during a robbery at a post office in glasgow.
a golfer has said he was surprised to have been attacked by a crocodile at his golf course in australia.
the uk independence party spent more than £100, 000 on campaigning during the general election, the electoral commission has said.
league one side rochdale have re-signed stevenage\'s james bond on a two-year contract.
police in southern china have seized more than 1, 000 alcohol bottles and seized more than 1, 200 bottles of contaminated milk, local media report.
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in birmingham.
three schools have been threatened with legal action over an alleged trojan horse affair, the education secretary has said.
it\'s one of the most popular song in japanese-but a song that has gone viral on social media has become an internet hit.
one of the world\'s most aggressive octopuses appears to show signs of aggressive behaviour, a study suggests.
police are appealing for information after a cow was killed in conwy county on saturday.
st mirren have signed striker jeremy clarkson on a season-long loan from dundee.
swansea city head coach paul clement says striker llorente llorente is the best player in the premier league.
gateshead have re-signed defender michael sweeney on a one-year contract following his release by hartlepool.
angola\'s government has abandoned its controversial controversial anti-government law, which would have banned anti-government protests.
world number one chris noppert will face dutch qualifier jimmy noppert in the semi-finals of the bdo world championships.
a humpback whale has gone missing off the coast of australia.
the new owners of bernard matthews have said they are " confident " a new pension pension scheme will be changed.
bob jungels retained the giro d \'italia leader\'s yellow jersey with victory in the giro d \'italia.
a woman was assaulted and assaulted in a mcdonald\'s restaurant in kent, police have said.
an optometrist accused of manslaughter and manslaughter contributed to the death of a 10-year-old boy, a
glasgow school
the mother of one of two men murdered by the toddler james bulger has said she will not give up on the case.
a woman accused of child sex abuse claims has denied claims she was sexually abused by former prime minister sir edward heath.
mae \'r heddlu yn dweud bod wedi marwolaeth dynes o lofruddio ar ol i
the wife of a british-iranian woman jailed in iran has called on the government to appeal against her conviction.
one of the most prominent groups in the city\'s anti-social music industry is looking to re-open a shop and sell it out.
zlatan ibrahimovic could become the world\'s most expensive shirt when he signed for manchester united this summer.
a kenyan student has described how she escaped from al-shabab militants who attacked her college in nairobi last week.
russia has urged the united nations to help tackle the cessation of hostilities in the syrian city of aleppo.
at least two people have been killed in a suicide attack on a hospital roof in the afghan capital, afghanistan.
a gin distillery in the scottish borders has been given the go-ahead by the scottish borders to create a gin distillery.
how much do you remember about the christmas news, you might think about your questions about the christmas weather?
singapore and indonesia have accuses of the names of the names of 14 party suppliers, including palm oil from third party suppliers.
star wars: the new york city of fett has been speaking to the bbc about how he\'s first film about the darth vader costume.
the duchess of cambridge has paid tribute to the duke and duchess of cambridge, george charlotte, who has died at the age of 88.
the uk government has been ``unacceptable\'\'and ``unacceptable\'\'and ``unacceptable\'\', the first minister has said.
a man who admitted causing the death of a homeless man by dangerous driving has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence.
the banks in the indian capital, delhi, have been shut down because of corruption and corruption, the bbc has learned.
inverness caley thistle earned their first win of the season as they beat st johnstone in the scottish premiership.
st mirren have signed st mirren midfielder jack clarkson on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a further 12 months.
thomas jungels retained the yellow jersey for the first time since returning to the giro d\'italia in the first round of the giro d\'italia.
a woman has appeared in court charged with manslaughter after a woman\'s body was found at a house in north lanarkshire.
a maritime attraction has been cancelled due to a lack of funds, it has been claimed at the centre of a public inquiry.
a woman who was jailed for child sex offences against sir edward fell has said she is ``no knowledge of any misconduct case\'\'.
the value of goods and services in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began, plaid cymru has said.
chinese authorities have arrested more than 100 people suspected of leaking fake chemicals in tianjin, state media report.
a knitwear knitwear firm has been bought by a private equity firm in a bid to save its production of garments.
ukraine\'s cyber troops have been evacuated from ukraine and other cyber attacks in ukraine, the ukrainian government has said.
equatorial guinea\'s rich squad has been forced to pull out of the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon.
a controlled explosion has been carried out by police after an explosive device was found at a bomb disposal unit in cardiff.
in our series of letters from african journalists, film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the biggest rise in the world.
in the wake of donald trump\'s decision to leave the eu, there is no doubt that the us should not be allowed to leave the country.
a family of a young mother and her three-year-old daughter have spoken of their life in a harrowing attack.
thousands of people have taken part in the first round of the scottish grand prix of the claymore trophy.
the nhs in england is failing to reduce the cost of its pay bill, according to new figures.
homeless people in london are being asked to pay more than # [UNK] per month for homeless people in the uk, documents obtained by the bbc suggest.
sailings between caledonian macbrayne and caledonian macbrayne have been cancelled due to the evacuation of the royal navy, caledonian macbrayne has said.
the chief executive of the republic of ireland council has said he will not stand in the job of the local authority.
police investigating the disappearance of a man in county antrim have released cctv footage of a man they want to trace.
the owners of a fosse park in cumbria have met in the city where new owners have said they are planning a ``better view\'\'.
the family of a man who died after a car crash in leicestershire say they are ``looking forward\'\'to have their licence removed.
the president of the ad-hoc electoral committee (lfa) has said he is ``thereby barred\'\'from president sepp blatter.
a fire has broken out at a railway station in monmouthshire, prompting a report from the police watchdog.
ayr united scored two late goals to beat ayr united in the first round of the scottish challenge cup.
it\'s been a year since sheffield wednesday\'s music festival, but it is n\'t only one change.
a woman has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a 13-year-old girl who was stabbed to death in a garage in winchester.
it\'s a tale of the indian matchbox industry, but it\'s a tale of the indian matchbox industry.
bbc news ni (dup) vice-president [UNK] flanagan has warned of the dangers against the united states as part of the world\'s first national bailout programme.
the english baccalaureate ([UNK]) has said it is ``not one of the best bits\'\'of religious education.
the world\'s largest plane is to be tracking tracking of planes at a world radiocommunication conference in malaysia.
a # 1m training site has been severely damaged by flooding in leeds, the company has said. is the best part of the super league season.
leicester sealed a 1-0 victory in the first premier league game of the season as they beat west ham to move up to fourth place in the premier league.
a haul of alcohol seized in china\'s guangxi province has been arrested in china, a court in china has ruled.
voters in italy have voted overwhelmingly to elect a new president in the wake of the italian election system.
a police investigation is under way after a man fell from a first-floor window on the isle of wight.
actress ryan nyong \'o played cgi character ryan nyong \'o played black panther in star wars in the new york panther film.
wheelchair toilets in england and wales can be a big problem for disabled people in the uk-and they are looking to get a suitable area to change them.
alfreton town have signed defender joel mooney from fellow league one side oldham athletic on a two-year deal. end.
flights between the channel islands and the netherlands have been cancelled due to bad weather conditions in the netherlands.
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked in a bar in cardiff.
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder james browning on loan from chelsea until the end of the season.
a brand new restaurant in london has taken place in london to encourage dogs to eat at schools in england and wales.
contraband have been thrown over the wall of a wall in chelmsford prison, the justice secretary has said.
the number of lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian has been released by the national crime agency.
hull fc earned their first win of the season in the premier league with a narrow victory over southampton in the first leg of their league play-off semi-final.
``i \'m rich, futile and uncontrollable, i \'m writing a lot of... it... it\'\'.
bolton wanderers defender dorian dervite has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
italy scored two late goals to beat italy in the first leg of their copa del rey victory over belgium.
a job advertisement has been launched by the equality and human rights commission (ehrc) in england and wales.
barcelona boss luis enrique says his side were ``unable to get the second goal\'\'after they beat real madrid in the first game of the copa del rey.
a man armed with a knife has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in stockholm.
angry fans have been banned from the copa del rey after clashes between rival supporters and supporters of the club.
scientists have discovered a new species of ancient species of plant places in the world\'s most remote neighbourhoods.
prince william has said she is ``incredibly important\'\'to be the queen\'s 90th birthday, as he celebrates her 90th birthday.
on the day of czechoslovakia, the german chancellor, nicholas winton, has died at the age of 47.
the snp and conservative councillors have been elected to lead the party\'s general election campaign in the wake of the westminster election.
a decision has been made to close a well-loved and historic historic barracks in pembrokeshire, the defence secretary has said.
tesco has confirmed it will buy a stake in the company to buy a stake in the company\'s business.
ukip leader nigel farage has said she is ``no way to run in the general election campaign\'\'.
gps in england and wales are being urged to look at ways to improve the health service in england and wales.
a police officer has been shot in the head of the capital of the month of kenya\'s parliament, police say.
a man has been found guilty of murdering his mother and his mother to death in a ``savage accident\'\'.
if you\'re going to church online, you might have heard of the star wars: the force awakens.
the housing and housing associations are ``something they should look at low wages\'\', a think tank has suggested.
the finance minister has backed a motion calling for the finance secretary to rethink the council tax base planned.
great britain\'s laura muir and greg mccolgan have paid tribute to athletics at the world athletics championships in glasgow.
nigeria\'s political leaders have won the presidential election for the first time since the end of the year.
the supreme court has rejected a ban on the uk supreme court over a ban on the uk supreme court.
two shots have been fired at a police station in ascension square in ascension square, police have said.
the world anti-doping agency (wada) says it is concerned about the future of the world anti-doping agency (wada).
britain\'s laura noppert and lauren noppert have been ruled out of the women\'s doubles in rio on saturday.
london underground (tfl) has said it will save more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money.
a man who was convicted of murdering his former girlfriend has been struck by a judge in the us.
a kenyan woman who drank body lotion in the koran has said she was hiding in the room for her hiding daughter.
manchester united have been named as the new manager of the premier league\'s fa cup game against manchester united.
a woman has been conned out of a computer treatment after being rescued from a computer fault in stranraer.
mae heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cadarnhau [UNK] tân o \'r cyhoedd osgoi [UNK] tân yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio.
the welsh government has a ``huge market\'\', according to new research from the university of wales (confor).
children in the uk are being urged to avoid bullying in the past year, according to new figures.
world champion jessica williamson has retired from nottingham hospital after suffering a spinal cord injury in her first match at the velodrome.
the internet is a big problem, but it is n\'t only a big. of the world\'s biggest street banks.
two teenagers have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a man in istanbul on monday evening, police have said.
a magnitude [UNK] earthquake has struck off the coast of western western italy, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 20 in the region.
striker dean cooper has joined national league side gateshead on loan until the end of the season to the end of the season.
two bottles of bottles have been washed up on a cornish coast in cornwall, the national trust has said.
the international monetary fund (imf) has said it is ``clearly concerned\'\'about the future of the global economy.
west ham\'s # [UNK] m euros (Â # [UNK] m) stake in west ham united\'s # [UNK] m euros (Â # [UNK] m) investment have been approved by the club.
three people have been found guilty of the rape and robbery of a woman at a prison in somerset.
a caravan stolen from a harry potter lock has been stolen from a site in cambridgeshire, police have said.
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw has said she is ``shocked and unhelpful\'\'by the government\'s funding for illegal schools in england.
a transgender woman who plucked from a clinic in belfast has said she may have been a ``cross-dresser\'\'.
bernie sanders and bernie sanders have clashed over social media in the run-up to general elections in vermont on tuesday.
yorkshire\'s batsmen made light on day one of the first day of the first test against yorkshire at trent bridge.
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two-year contract. \'place in the scottish premiership.
mark selby says he is happy with his ability to peak in the first round of the world championship.
the head of the world anti-doping agency (wada) says the country\'s athletics governing body should be banned from athletics.
weekend rebels is one of the world\'s most wanted drug traffickers, who has died at the age of 82.
production firm production has announced it is to close its production in europe.
the parents of a terminally ill five-year-old in the uk have said they are ``overwhelmed\'\'by the treatment of a terminally ill baby.
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked during a night out in powys.
west ham have confirmed that it has sold a majority stake in west ham for an undisclosed sum.
league two side rochdale have signed midfielder david spotland on a two-year deal following his release by rochdale.
the number of hospital beds at a north wales hospital has fallen to its lowest level in three years.
hungary\'s deputy prime minister, he szijjarto, has called on the european commission to block eu laws against eu laws.
nigeria\'s main opposition party, the main opposition party (biggest), has won elections in nigeria\'s presidential election.
hibernian head coach alan stubbs has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club.
a study into the route of a railway line between the uk and the north-east of england has been described as ``inadequate\'\'by a report.
all pictures are copyrighted.
people in the us state of california are taking part in a campaign to encourage people to live in the presidential election.
conservationists are calling for a national project to protect forests in wales.
the world\'s biggest athletics championships will be held in london later this year.
a motorcyclist has died after a collision with a tractor in lincolnshire.
former snp leader alex salmond has been sworn in as the new leader of scotland.
it\'s been a difficult year for hollywood fans.
former lib dem leader nick clegg has urged the lib dems to ``guarantee\'\'the government\'s future in the house of lords.
the first minister carwyn jones has written to the prime minister asking the prime minister to publish a letter to the prime minister.
ukip leadership candidate suzanne evans has announced she will not stand in the party\'s leadership contest.
the chief executive of the isle of man county council has been appointed as the new chief executive.
national league side gateshead have signed defender paul cooper on a two-year deal following his release by national league rivals gateshead.
it\'s been a dismal year for the professional footballers \'association.
chelsea have agreed a deal to sign juventus striker alvaro morata from juventus for an undisclosed fee.
more than half of offenders in england and wales are being punished for their crimes, a report has found.
chinese authorities are investigating the death of a chinese newspaper on the stock market, state media report.
the ukrainian government says it has carried out a huge cyber attack on the eastern ukrainian state of luhansk.
the founder of sports direct, mike ashley, has been told he will not be allowed to attend a meeting in the house of commons.
a driver who killed a motorcyclist in a crash in conwy county has been jailed for six years.
actress o\'donnell o\'donnell has died at the age of 89, her family has said.
more than a third of children in the uk have been sexually abused, according to a new report.
the fbi has filed a lawsuit against the fbi over the killing of a man in the us state of pennsylvania.
more than half of parents in england are eating eating sweets, a study has found.
sweden\'s foreign minister, mr swede, has been freed after being kidnapped by islamic state (is) militants in the capital, stockholm.
one of the uk\'s most popular pop, pop, has been named as the new director of the music industry.
gloucester maintained their 100% start to the european champions cup with a bonus-point win over gloucester at kingsholm.
ireland reached the semi-finals of the intercontinental cup with a six-wicket victory over afghanistan in the intercontinental cup in dubai.
a petition calling for a new tourist attraction to be created in skegness has been criticised by the mayor of london.
a teenage boy has become the first in the world to be given a place in the welsh open final.
a suspected human foot has been found in a park in bristol, police have said.
more than half of nhs trusts in england are struggling to cope with the amount of money they receive, the regulator has said.
david winton, who has died at the age of 113, was one of britain\'s most gifted and gifted jewish refugees.
a man has appeared in court accused of causing the death of a woman by careless driving.
two us police officers have been arrested in washington on suspicion of attempting to smuggle a drugs into the us, officials say.
a caravan stolen from a cambridgeshire caravan park has been stolen from a caravan in cambridgeshire.
the world health organization (who) has lifted a ban on gay men donating to gay men in england and wales.
the demise of hereford united\'s takeover of kidderminster harriers has been resolved, the conference has confirmed.
floyd mayweather\'s bid to become the first ufc boxing champion to be held in las vegas is to be held in las vegas.
a new fire service is to be set up to oversee a new fire service in east sussex, it has been announced.
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of mr walsh in the republic of ireland.
blackpool missed the chance to go top of league two as they were held to a draw at bloomfield road.
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a burst water in the east of england.
as the uk voted to leave the eu, the bbc\'s karen allen looks at why the uk voted to leave the european union.
the united nations has announced a new flight to flight flight mh370.
world number one andy murray reached the second round of the italian open with a straight-set victory over italian fabio fognini.
a school in northern ireland has launched a programme to help children with mental health problems in northern ireland.
the number of people living in the uk has risen dramatically in the past year, according to a new report.
the us has accused the us of ``barbarism\'\'over its bombardment of rebel-held areas in the syrian city of aleppo.
in india, the indian state of goa was one of india\'s most iconic accumulation.
dagenham & redbridge\'s play-off hopes were dealt a major blow as they were beaten by dagenham & redbridge.
the restoration of glasgow school of art\'s (gsa) mackintosh building in glasgow has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government.
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash.
in our series of letters from african journalists, novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the number of people living in the uk.
all images are copyrighted.
plans have been unveiled for a new whisky distillery in the borders.
two men have been rescued from the river clyde in the firth of forth.
in our series of letters from african journalists, writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of kenyan students.
women are less likely to have a pay rise in their pay, according to a new study.
a russian rapper has been killed in a concert in the russian capital, moscow, officials say.
liverpool\'s premier league title rivals, liverpool, liverpool and liverpool are one of the premier league\'s top clubs in the premier league.
a controlled explosion has been found in south yorkshire.
a new flight to the highlands and islands airports has been launched by the scottish government.
wales scrum-half rhys webb says he is ``desperate\'\'to return to the wales squad for the rest of the season.
warrington moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought win over widnes vikings.
england\'s laura massaro is through to the semi-finals of the women\'s world squash championship in south korea.
us president-elect donald trump has announced that us president donald trump will be the next president of the white house.
hundreds of bottles of plastic bottles have washed up on a cornish beach, the national trust has said.
young girls in scotland are more likely to be linked to violent crime, according to a new study.
mcdonald\'s has said it is ``deeply concerned\'\'about the future of mcdonald\'s restaurants in mcdonald\'s restaurants.
world number one mark selby says he is ``disappointed\'\'by the prospect of being the first welshman to reach the uk championship quarter-finals.
we\'ve been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands.
scots are more likely to die in the uk, according to a new study.
police investigating the murders of two british tourists on the thai island of koh tao are to return to thailand, thai police have said.
virgil van dijk scored a hat-trick as italy came from behind to beat italy and reach the women\'s euro 2017 semi-finals.
mae \'r prif weinidog carwyn jones wedi dweud ei bod yn dilyn y llynedd ar gyfer yr etholiad cyffredinol.
scientists have developed a blood test that can detect the lives of patients with alzheimer\'s disease.
derby county\'s butterfield butterfield has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
league two side colchester united have signed coventry city defender sam reid on loan until the end of the season.
hull city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by 10-man hull.
british badminton has defended its decision to withdraw funding for the tokyo 2020 olympic games.
one of the world\'s most important archaeological sites has been discovered in the city of acre.
the confederation of african football ( caf ) says it will not be punished for breaching the confederation of african football ( cas ) rules.
the russian navy\'s new submarine fleet has come into effect in finland.
romelu lukaku scored twice as italy beat italy for the second time in three years to go top of the premier league.
wales \'forests are being planted with woodland as part of a campaign to boost environmental efforts.
sainsbury\'s has reported a fall in half-year profits, helped by a rise in home sales at argos and argos.
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw has said it is " highly concerned " about the government\'s handling of illegal schools in england.
a flight from inverness to heathrow airport has caused more flights to and from the highlands.
hundreds of homes were left without power after flash floods hit parts of the east of england.
a major study has suggested the long-term future of the main rail line between london and the south of england could be reopening to the public
a german man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a german woman was dragged from her neck and dragged into a pavement, police say.
a £1. 8m restoration project to transform the east end of haringey theatre into a theatre is to be launched.
a report by russia\'s human rights watchdog says a report into the deaths of more than 1, 000 russian soldiers in eastern ukraine in 2014 has
a motorcyclist killed in a crash with a tractor and a tractor in lincolnshire has been named.
wrexham have signed midfielder jackson jackson from championship rivals barnsley for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal.
the football association will meet uefa to discuss its bid to join the island of kosovo.
inverness caledonian thistle ended a run of three straight scottish premiership defeats with a win over hamilton academical.
young people in edinburgh are more likely to be living in violent crime than girls, according to new research.
a lorry driver has become the first woman to die in london after being hit by a lorry in a lorry in central london.
women who pay men as men are more likely to get women into work than men, a study suggests.
northern ireland\'s first minister, martin mcguinness, has launched an appeal to find out whether the government should be set up a campaign to
a memorial service will be held in staffordshire to mark the centenary of the death of pc keith palmer.
a father-of-three from stephen stephen was born at his home in aberdeenshire on friday, his family say.
jk rowling has been named the best actor in a film for the second year in a row.
a world war one soldier has taken part in a parade marking the 100th anniversary of his battle of the somme.
a man has been found guilty of assaulting his mother after the death of a man in a row over a holiday park.
the mother of a man who was killed by a " reckless " lorry driver has been jailed for five years.
a search is under way for a man who has been missing since last month.
india\'s famous bollywood labels are on display in the western state of maharashtra for the first time.
britain\'s jessica ennis-hill-hill says she will not compete at the world athletics championships because she faces a doping ban.
star wars actor john fett says he is " overwhelmed " by the latest collection of star wars: the force awakens.
a fisherman has been rescued after his boat got into difficulty off the north west coast.
a farmer who built a mock-tudor castle without planning permission is to return to his home after more than four years.
german police say a gunman has been fired at a police station in new york city, killing at least 12 people.
in the atlantic ocean, a tiny camera has been caught up in a massive eruption.
jewish and jewish centres across the us have been targeted by jewish threats, the white house has said.
the uk\'s vote to leave the house of commons on the issue of disabled people\'s toilets is a campaign by mps and peers.
great britain\'s hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals suffered a setback with a 2-0 victory over hungary in the first round of qualifying
on the eve of the uk\'s vote to leave the european union, the eu\'s second black country is in the uk.
a transgender woman has said she felt " overwhelmed " by the support she received from transgender people in west belfast.
chinese super league club shanghai sipg has agreed to sign up to 1, 000 chinese super league clubs.
three teenagers from london have been arrested on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences, police have said.
a day of celebrations has taken place in new zealand to mark the 70th anniversary of the gallipoli landings.
plans to build a new generation of royal navy frigates on the isle of wight have been submitted to the government.
scotland\'s laura muir has become the fastest female athlete in the world to win a 1500m title at the uk athletics championships.
a gunman has killed a russian rapper and his son at a mongolian embassy in northern mongolia, officials say.
a man and a woman have been arrested in connection with an elaborate bomb found at a house in eastbourne.
a kenyan woman has described how she escaped from the ground where she was hiding in a wardrobe in the north-eastern city of chernobyl.
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in birmingham.
welsh rugby union ( wru ) coaches have appointed martyn mcbryde as their new coaches.
a fracking operation in lancashire has been suspended after a gas leak was found at the site.
airbus has launched a plan to build the world\'s most powerful rocket-powered satellite.
a moroccan football club has been fined £7, 000 after fans threw flares and flares at the team\'s stadium in london\'s al
tesco is looking to unveil its chief executive, yulia tesco,\'s chief executive of the supermarket chain, ksfa,
australia\'s nick kyrgios said he was " not afraid to sleep " after reaching the second round of the shanghai masters.
brighton & hove albion defender sid sidwell has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club.
alan stubbs says hibernian head coach alan stubbs will be " proud " of his team at the championship club following their relegation from the championship
a motorcyclist had to be airlifted to hospital after falling on rocks at a beach on anglesey.
millions of people are being urged not to renew their tax credit because of a lack of their tax credits.
manager chris coleman says wales will learn the progress made by their world cup qualifying campaign in russia this summer.
a judge in arkansas has refused to apologise to the family of an american couple shot dead in the us.
northern ireland striker michael o \'neill says he is " lucky " to be part of the team\'s all-time leading goalscorer.
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in hospital.
russia\'s world anti-doping agency has been criticised by the world anti-doping agency ( wada ) for " failing " doping.
hull city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by southampton.
juventus have signed real madrid striker alvaro morata for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
sports direct boss mike wright has agreed to give evidence to mps in the house of commons about the national living wage.
jamie vardy\'s late penalty earned leicester a draw at west ham in the fa cup final at the expense of west ham.
russia has said it will suspend air strikes in syria from the city of aleppo in an effort to halt the us-led truce in syria.
wayne rooney has become the first player to play in manchester united\'s match against manchester united on saturday.
northern ireland\'s councils have voted to reject the government\'s plans for a new community in northern ireland.
new rules have come into place that you can eat your dog.
australia\'s prime minister tony abbott has accused the country\'s media of trying to stop migrants trying to hide their boats.
torquay united have signed former port vale striker james keatings on a two-and-a-half-year deal.
a man has been banned from driving for five years after he drove through a dumfries town centre car on the outskirts of belfast.
a holyrood committee is to set up a committee to give mps more powers to the scottish parliament.
bristol rovers have signed striker jeremy clarkson on loan from brentford until the end of the season.
in our series of letters from african journalists, novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why kenya\'s government had a di
beauty and the beast is to be removed from malaysia\'s lpga film after the film\'s release for a screening screening of the beast.
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has said fire broke out at offices in istanbul\'s capital, istanbul.
a man has been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash on the a96 in county antrim.
a world war two veteran has been awarded medals for russian military veterans after a world war two veteran\'s war two aircraft.
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in liverpool.
a 23-year-old man has died after a shooting outside a house in sheffield.
